This is a couch. This is Snick. Get your butt on the big orange couch and Snick this Saturday, starting at 8, 7, Central.
Then that's my box of Honey Nettie Tastes.
Breakfast?
Raise all the taste.
The Honey Sweet Taste.
The Honey Nettie Taste.
Of Honey Nettie Tastes.
Honey Nettie Tastes. The Honey Sweet Part of this complete breakfast.
The Honey Nettie Tastes.
Now you can watch Garfield Race to B in 3D.
You can collect 3D adventure books and glasses.
1-3 in Markboxes of Honey Nutt Cheerios.
It's slinky. It's slinky.
For fun it's a wonderful toy.
What walks downstairs alone are in pairs and makes a slinkety sound.
A spring. A spring. A marvelous thing.
Everyone knows it's slinky.
It's slinky. It's slinky.
For fun it's a wonderful toy.
It's fun to work like a boy.
It's fun for a girl and a boy.
Get a slinky in a size and color you like in metal or plastic.
It's time for your bottles.
It's time for your bottle baby needs me.
My watch shows what I need to do.
Makeup baby needs me.
Diaper time baby needs me.
Time again to check my watch.
It's time baby needs me to love you love.
First remote control.
Next radio control.
Now there's voice control with voice command.
Ready for commands.
Start the engines.
Look man, no hands.
Let's move it now.
Voice command.
Vehicles you control with special commands from buddy Al.
Hey look it's trouble.
Yeah it's fun get me into trouble.
It's fun get me into trouble.
It's trouble.
First one wins but watch out.
Back to start.
What are you guys doing?
Getting into trouble.
It's fun get me into trouble.
Look what you can make with fashion magic.
Make fashion magic ring.
And bracelets can go.
It's fashion magic.
High colors if you mold it.
It's really easy to add glitter and sparkles.
Looks so cool on you.
It's easy.
My beret is gold.
With rainbows too.
It's fashion magic.
I made a frame for you.
A necklace over there.
Fashion magic makes the jewelry that you want.
Fashion magic.
Five great sets each sold separately.
They've got the look.
They've got the style.
Bad timing.
They've got a problem.
My rear is killing me.
They're three courageous guys.
Those musketeers are a menace.
Out to prove it's one for all.
Three musketeers.
Gotta love that work.
Ready PG.
Starts Friday November 12th.
Check newspaper showtimes.
Welcome to SNCC.
Saturday night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about
on Monday morning.
The Zen Master says that with the right mental attitude
you can transcend any physical experience.
I'd like to see a Zen Master spend the day
in the backseat of the Darling Family car.
We leave next weekend for our annual vacation.
The driving.
And I want it to go right this year.
So along with sitting in one spot for hours.
You know, just to practice.
I've also been working on my attitude.
Hey, that works for Buddha.
And if the past is any indication,
I'll have to do some major transcending.
I'll never forget that one year.
We had plenty of opportunity for water sports.
Unfortunately, it was all indoor water sports.
The year we went in search of Winamukkah wildlife.
Only to find it was pretty tame.
Then last year on the way up to the lake,
I finally got to sit behind the wheel of a moving vehicle.
Of course, it wasn't moving all that fast.
Thanks to Lake Winamukkah,
the word vacation is synonymous with the word disaster.
But this year, I'm totally psyched.
Why?
Because we're not going to Lake Winamukkah.
Finally, a trip that's worthwhile.
We're going to the Grand Canyon.
I've always wanted to see it.
And I'm determined to enjoy myself.
In fact, everyone is.
The whole family.
In one car.
I better put my zen in to overdrive.
One visit tells you why they call the Grand Canyon Grand.
You gaze across 277 miles of time and stillness
and descend into a world of dashing streams,
waterfalls, green fields and ruby colored walls.
Oh, it sounds beautiful.
And for the vacationing family, the options are endless.
Hiking, camping, canoeing, water skiing nearby
and donkey rides on the trail.
Hey, I even got my own donkey.
Close donkeys go hee-haw.
This is going to be a big change from our usual vacation
at Lake Winamukkah.
You mean Lake Yuckimukkah?
Don't even mention that place.
You could invoke the Darling Family Vacation Curse.
This vacation sounds wonderful.
Yeah.
Now, I've mapped out a route. Take a look.
See, by avoiding the major highways,
we'll minimize the boredom.
We could take the interstate.
However, County Road 20 runs almost exactly...
Whoa, Dad. Pull over.
What's the matter, Ferguson?
County Road 20. Bumpy.
Winding County Road 20.
Up and down, up and down.
Are you sure that's the best way to go?
Well, it's the most scenic. Why?
Well, when our nation's taxpayers shell out
billions of dollars to create an interstate highway system
that's the envy of the world,
well, I think we ought to use it.
That's all.
Is that it?
I'm a little worried about my tummy.
Oh, Ferguson, I'm sure you've outgrown your emotions like that.
That chance.
We'll hit that first dip in the road
and he'll turn into Linda Blair from the exorcist.
Hey, why don't we strap into the roof with ropes?
Just because I have a delicate digestive system
doesn't mean my vacation has to be ruined.
So, Dad, could I plan the route?
No, I don't know.
Dad, I promised to include some interesting sites along the way
and you won't be bored.
Well, um...
It would mean a lot to me.
Not to mention the car's a pulse story.
Okay.
All right, great. You won't regret this.
How come those words sound so ominously familiar?
I still say we bring the ropes just in case.
You guys are going to get through this without fighting, aren't you?
Mom, I'm so psyched about the Grand Canyon,
nothing could wreck it for me, not even Ferguson.
Oh, good.
I have enough to think about with taking the car into service
and packing and preparing food for the...
Food? You're making food?
Well, sure, dear. Why?
Well, it's just that it's vacation. Don't we usually eat out?
This is over a thousand miles, not some short drive
to Lake Winemucca where we know all the healthy restaurants.
Okay.
How about this? I'll make stuff for us to eat.
You will?
Oh, that would be wonderful if you would take over cooking duties, Clarissa.
It's your vacation too, right, Mom?
Just leave it to me.
Oh, well, at least take some of my travel recipes.
These are pretty easy.
Coconut cornmeal energy bars?
Mung bean chewy?
Sure, Mom. I'll look them over.
Oh, I don't know why,
but I have such a good feeling about this trip.
And now that I'm planning the menu,
I have a pretty good feeling about this trip too.
Let's see.
Peanut butter and marshmallow sandwiches,
popcorn balls, chocolate-covered pretzels.
So far, this vacation is under way with enthusiasm at full throttle.
I mean, it is a little scary letting Ferguson navigate.
And my promising to cook may have been a wrong terror,
but at least it's better fuel the mom's rude food.
I guess those are just minor details.
Nothing that's going to get in the way of a good time.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
So, how's your story coming along?
I don't know.
I thought writing a horror story would be easy.
I mean, with my dad being a writer
and all those visits to my aunt at the institution.
What's the problem?
I just don't like any of the ideas I've come up with.
Here.
The clothesline killer?
It's about a crazy nanny.
Mole man?
It's about a guy who spends too much time in the basement.
Cool.
What's this? The safety belt slaughterer?
You know those automatic safety belts
that close around you when you start your car?
Yeah.
Imagine one getting tighter and tighter
and tighter?
I'd rather not.
So you want to help?
Looks like you're doing fine without me, Sam.
Besides, I'm in too good a mood to think gruesome.
But I thought you were going on a vacation with your family.
I am.
But, Clarissa, you hate vacations with your family.
Yeah, but this is the Grand Canyon.
What about the ride?
I'll get through it.
Are you sure?
I mean, how many hours of license plate bingo can you take?
And what about your brother old faithful
spewing at regular intervals?
Whoa, no negative baggage, Sam.
This trip, I'm packing a positive attitude.
Oh, hi, honey. Can you give me a hand?
Sure, Mom. What's up?
Can you just hold this lock in place?
No problemo.
I wouldn't want to leave this loose while we're out of town.
You're not afraid of a break-in, are you, Mom?
No, I'll just enjoy myself more
if I know everything's secure back home.
I really should fix this stuff while I'm at it.
That's tough, Mom.
This way, if the burglars need to reach something high up,
they won't fault the ladder.
Very funny.
Why does every job make me think of three more?
Tell me about it.
I haven't even started picking tapes for the road.
Oh, you're bringing tapes?
Sure, why?
Well, I just thought we'd try something different
this time, Clarissa.
Would you have a mind?
The library had these wonderful books on tape
and look at these great travel games.
No offense, Mom,
but I'm a little old for travel games.
Oh, Clarissa, it is my vacation
to let's try something besides a rest of development
this time, okay?
No rest of development?
Well, okay,
I want this trip to go as smoothly as possible.
Well, we've hit our first speed bump.
I was talking to the travel agent,
and if we want to stay on budget,
we're going to have to rethink our motel options.
What's available in our price range?
Okay, let's see.
There's the lake view in, but they don't have a pool.
Lake view, so there's a lake, right?
There used to be, now there's a plastic spec.
There's a room available at the Rumi Arms Motor Lodge,
and they do have a pool.
So we can stay there?
Yeah, except the kids are going to have to
share a room with us and sleep on cops.
You mean all of us breathing the same oxygen?
We better talk about this.
I'll get Ferguson.
Well, Mom,
if we want to keep this vacation rolling along,
we're going to have to roll with the punches.
I don't know why planning a vacation is so hard.
I mean, I know what family vacations
would be like if I had my way.
More punch, dear?
Thanks, and could you change the tape in this tape flyer?
Certainly, dear.
Will you be needing the car today?
That's all right, I think I'll drive myself.
But you better leave the keys.
Certainly.
Oh, well, so much for wishful thinking.
But even if this vacation is less than perfect,
at least we all agreed to get along.
Janet!
Guys, I want to get this decided once and for all, okay?
Oh, did you tell Ferguson about the hotels?
Well, it's a choice between the lake view...
with no, like, view.
And the roomy arms.
With no room.
Marshall, the rate on these rooms is a lot cheaper
than what we agreed to spend.
Can't we afford something better?
Well, we could, but there wouldn't be enough money
for the camera.
Well, we've already got a camera.
Yeah, I know, but not a professional panoramic camera.
Panoramic camera?
Since when are we buying one of those?
Well, I just assumed, since we're going to one
of the most breathtaking sights on Earth,
that we would want to capture it on film.
Oh, so we're going to squeeze in like sardines
just so you can take some extra wide pictures?
Let's talk about this later.
Not enough weight to ride.
They're all packed in.
No music to listen to.
Well, what do you mean no music?
Is the radio broken?
Mom wants to listen to books on tape.
All the way?
Well, the kids fight over the music,
and then there's...
Never mind.
What?
Well, I probably shouldn't say it,
but you sing along.
You don't like it when I sing with the radio?
You do it all the time.
You guys don't like my singing?
Dad, your voice is one of a kind.
It's classic.
But it doesn't really go with the rest of development.
I can't believe you never told me this before.
Let's talk about it later.
Don't worry, Dad.
I've got the perfect good planned.
Really?
This should be good.
Ferguson, you've got nothing here but super highways.
What about all the interesting sights along the way?
Dad, what could be more interesting
than a trip to Petro Park?
Petro Park?
This is just some stupid gas station in Iowa.
It's stupid.
It's the world's biggest.
Plus, there are rides.
Yeah, but why would we want to visit a gas station?
Dad, this guy who built this is a visionary.
It's an architectural wonder.
You follow billboards for 200 miles
just to see what the whole big deal is.
And by the time you get there, you had a gas.
I have to shake his hand.
Yeah.
Maybe the next trip.
Oh, Dad.
Well, at least the food will be great.
Oh, so you used the recipes I gave you?
Well, actually, I thought we'd try some other stuff.
You know, things that travel well.
Like?
Double-punch brownies?
Clarissa Marie, darling.
Hey, it's vacation.
When you're on vacation, you want to eat something different.
I mean, otherwise, they wouldn't call it vacation.
They'd call it the same old thing.
Fine.
Oh, wait. Mom, I mean...
Nice move, sis.
Pity me of diplomacy.
Okay, that's it.
This is no way to start a vacation.
And we're a family.
We put this time aside to spend time together.
We're going to have a good time, even if it kills us.
And I thought, like, when a mucka was bad.
But it looks like the Grand Canyon has its heading for rock bottom.
More Clarissa.
More Snake.
After this.
And 101 ways to get up close and personal with a pie.
Don't miss What Would You Do?
Weekdays at 6-5 Central on the Owning Network for You.
By Megalodion.
Pizza, pizza.
Oh, pizza, pizza, oh, pizza, banana, banana,
both pizza, me, my, my.
Break it down, you.
Nothing can beat them, so come on, let's eat them.
Wow!
Now, at Little Season, you can get a free toy and a chance to win
a truckload of nurse toys.
Start participating stores.
All right, for male and gay people, both supplies last.
No purchase necessary.
Hollywood hair, Hollywood hair.
A shimmery look that Barbie wears.
Only Hollywood hair does that.
The style of the Holy Twist.
Hollywood hair, give it a go.
Hollywood Hair Barbie doll has a special clear spray
that makes her hair turn pink.
It turns blonde again when it dries.
You're watching...
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa Explains It All.
The motel was silent that night, except for two lonely sounds.
A footsteps on the pavement.
A large chunk of the ice machine is another load emptied
into the bend.
Behind that imposing chromosceptical, a man stood waiting.
He listened to the footsteps approaching
and raised his ice tongs in readiness.
So that's where I'm up to.
What do you think?
It's real good, Sam.
I don't know.
How come?
I mean,
a stalker who hides behind motel ice machines
and attacks travelers?
Does that sound like anything that could really happen?
Sure.
It's probably what my mom will do to me
at the first motel we stop at.
I thought you apologized after racking out her food.
I did.
I even offered to make mung bean chewy,
but I think I hit a nerve.
Boy, I thought the darling vacation curse
only applauded when we drove to Lake Winamaka.
It's really bad around here, huh?
Yeah, my parents are having it out right now.
A positive attitude. What happened to that?
My positive attitude seems to be the only thing on vacation.
Hey, it'll come back.
No vacation lasts forever.
Unless it's a vacation in hell.
Wow, great title.
Maybe I'll use that in my story.
The images just keep pouring into my head.
Make sure you get them down on paper.
Yeah, I'd better. See you later.
See ya.
Okay.
Pack your bags and travel along with me
as I take a break for a vacation update.
My dad promised not to sing in the car,
but he's making up for it by singing even louder in the shower.
And we haven't even left yet.
With Mom looking over my shoulder,
coming up with healthy road food,
I can stomach is a real burden to bear.
And Ferguson is still hooked on taking the family
to the Grand Canyon by way of Petro Park,
but Dad put the brakes on that plan.
Then Masters say we're supposed to relinquish
all worldly desire.
And that's cool,
because I just abandoned all hope of having a good time.
All right, your mother and I got together
and calmly and rationally discussed the situation
without any...
Your father means that we talked it over.
Yes, we talked it over.
And everything's fine.
Fine.
Okay, we'll buy that, so now what?
So now we think everyone should negotiate and compromise.
Your father's agreed to rent a panoramic camera
instead of buying one.
Which will save enough money
so that we can rent a decent motel room.
Room? Room.
And your mother says everyone will get a chance
to pick what goes into the tape player.
We'll take turns.
Yeah.
And we can sing our hearts out.
For good reason.
I know that. I know that.
Okay, now kids, we want you to make some concessions, too.
Ferguson, pick a route that the whole family will enjoy.
And, Clarissa, we need good food tonight for the ride.
Okay, Mom.
That are also healthy.
The important thing you need to do
is to think about all of us.
And not just yourselves.
Yes, and to sacrifice for the good of the family.
Like your father, my dear.
Must have been some fight.
Major.
Okay, I made some test batches of some of Mom's recipes.
I found they fall into one of three food groups.
Unchewable.
Undigestible.
And unrecognizable.
Why do they call it health food
when even looking at it makes you sick?
Oh, what's that luscious aroma?
Bergwad, stay out of the kitchen when I'm cooking
or I might mistake you for a vegetable.
Oh, tell me that's clean.
You're taking up pottery.
It's going to be oatmeal raisin bars
and you are going to love them.
It's inedible.
Actually, it's undigestible,
but that's beside the point.
I hope your new route takes us past a lot of fast food places.
Well, here's the new plan.
While it does eliminate Petro Park,
a tremendous personal sacrifice, I might add,
I have found a way to get us to the Grand Canyon
that takes us near the Colocan House in Okavo, Giaiawa
and the International Carnsey Museum
in Carney, Nebraska.
You think mom and dad are going to agree to that?
A museum for money in a house made of soda cans?
And you think mom and dad allow us
to stop at every burger joint we pass?
Knowing mom will eat your raisin-flavored cement
the whole way.
You're right.
We've got to figure something out fast.
Tell you what, you agree to my route.
Make a real big deal out of it, like,
you think it's a great idea to see these places.
Why would I do that?
Because you play ball with me
and I'll conveniently lose your cooler
of healthy treats at the first accessible rest stop.
It'll be fast food all the way from here to Arizona.
Deal?
Deal.
Boy, sometimes having a sneaky rat for a brother
can work to your advantage.
Could this be a change for the Darling family?
What if we all started getting along and liking it?
This vacation could bring out the best in the Darlings.
Just like Swiss family Robinson.
They got shipwrecked and stranded on a desert island
and they got along great.
Hey, if they can do it, we can do it.
Yeah, brother, are you nearly finished repairing
that pipe-bogging we rescued from our slunk and chip?
Oh, very nearly.
It was easy thanks to father's plans.
Was your mother's idea?
Oh, inspired by your sister's love of music.
And when I'm finished,
perhaps father will favor us with a song.
Oh, yes, daddy do.
Oh, father, you must, you must.
Well, all right, if you insist,
but only for the good of the family.
I'll finish right after supper. What are we having?
The fish your mother caught at your sister cleaned.
With the shell your father sharpened.
That you found on the beach.
Now, what would we do without each other?
What was that?
A shock.
Could it be?
Hands off, I need it more than you do.
Thank my sister. Just please, thank me.
Oh, forget it.
If we were shipwrecked,
this family would need four separate islands.
Hey, wait a minute.
That's another good idea.
A family vacation without the family.
Hmm, maybe next year.
Are you sure?
I mean, even if we spend more, stay farther away.
No, I understand.
It's not your fault.
Okay, um, well, yeah, we'll call you back.
Bye.
What's the problem, dad?
I was a travel agent.
What'd she say?
Nothing good.
Hi, mom.
Hi, everybody.
You just in time for dad's bad news.
Oh, no thanks, dear.
I already have some of my own.
What happened to you?
You go first.
I waited too long to make the motel reservation,
so now there's not a room available for miles,
even at twice the price.
Oh, no.
Yeah, so it looks like we're stuck at the roomie arms.
Well, that's not so bad, is it?
I mean, they have a pool.
It's being painted.
Oh, man.
My turn.
I just picked up the car from the mechanics.
Don't say it.
Oh, no, the car's fine, only...
What, mom?
I tried one of those books on tape,
and the player ate it.
Yes.
Oh.
Sorry, mom.
I can't get it out,
and it won't switch to the radio.
It's awful.
Total silence.
We have to ride to the Grand Canyon in total silence?
Well, could be worse.
I mean, at least Ferguson's promised us a great drive.
Dad, I've done my best to incorporate the wishes
and needs of every one of us.
It's a totally stupid route, and I hate it.
You think I thought we had a deal?
I'll just face it.
This whole trip is a bust.
Look, why are we doing this to ourselves?
Huh?
It's a darling vacation curse.
It's got us again.
I'm probably better off just staying home.
I hate to admit it, but I have to agree.
All right.
I'll call the travel agent and have her cancel everything.
Oh.
You know, this reminds me of the time.
We were up at Lake Wintermucca.
Do you remember when they lost our cabin reservations?
Don't remind me.
We slept in the car that night.
Sleep?
Who could sleep?
Not me.
Thanks to Dad's goofy animal limitations.
Goofy?
What was Goofy?
I thought I did a very good squirrel.
Oh, Connie.
Hi.
It's Marshall Darling.
Yeah, I can hold.
I remember waking up the next morning to those songbirds.
Oh, I always love the birds up at Lake Wintermucca.
Yeah.
Hey.
Do you remember that great breakfast that I made?
Oh, yeah.
With a frying pan on the engine block.
Who could forget the smell of crisp bacon and exhaust fumes?
Yeah, well, don't exaggerate.
Yeah, the toast wasn't bad.
I remember eating pretty well that trip.
Hey, what about the lobster bib?
Oh, that was a great restaurant.
I've never had a bigger, sweeter lobster in my whole life.
Lake Wintermucca.
They all know us up there.
Even the hardware store used to let me cast your travel list checks right then.
My favorite part was going out to the middle of the lake,
putting the headphones on and cranking the volume up to 10.
Hey, is anybody thinking what I'm thinking?
Shannon, what do you think?
Well, I think it would be a shame
to waste the whole vacation here at home.
Connie, hi.
You know, maybe we'll go to the Grand Canyon next year.
Could you get us our regular cabin at Lake Wintermucca?
Wow, this is totally cool, Clarissa.
Thanks. Where'd you find him?
There's this used bookstore not far from Lake Wintermucca.
We must have passed it every year. I never noticed.
Walking Slayer?
Headless Henrietta?
The cap shot cannibals?
Well, it's got a lot of horror stories, but none like mine.
The ice machine guy?
No, I dumped that.
I came up with something I like even better,
about it's a range killer who hides inside the giant stuffed animals and carnivals,
waiting for some family to win him.
That's really twisted, Sam.
Thanks. So, Spill it. Was Wintermucca any better this year?
Nothing special to report.
There's a new ice cream place, and the baits are painted their sign.
Sounds real exciting.
Believe it or not, we had a lot of laughs.
Mom tried smiling whenever my dad sang.
Dad rented a really cool camera,
and by the last day, he finally figured out how to use it.
And I spent a lot of time peacefully alone in the middle of a lake.
What about Ferguson?
He bought the whole way home.
Dad, I'd say it was the perfect darling vacation.
Today, Nick Mania goes on a wanna.
Do you want to be a Nick Maniac?
Take the challenge today.
Watch two hours of Saludier Shorts on Nick Mania.
Starting at two, one central right here.
You and your family are invited to celebrate the magic of an all-new Snow White
in filmations Happily Ever After.
Starring Ed Asden.
This is what I call a party.
Don Villariz.
Phyllis Diller.
Tracy Ullman.
And Grammy Award winner Irene Kara.
I'm Snow White.
The largest all-star cast ever assembled in an animated motion picture.
Happily Ever After.
Rated G.
Now available on videocassette.
Add glitter then.
Oh my.
Looks like a diamond.
It's the Grapest Game Game.
Make them, take them to the factory.
Smash them.
To win, race through the jam factory without getting stopped or squished.
That's the way you do it when you play the Grapest Game.
There's excitement going round.
There's a party going down.
Twister.
The hot spot.
Yeah, twister.
Your feet and hands go down, but you gotta stay up.
Twister.
The hot spot.
The hottest game around.
Twister.
The hot spot.
Watch me feed my baby all gone.
My baby all gone.
You make it all gone.
You can fill it again.
And she loves cherries from her jar.
Sure do.
My baby all gone.
The famous erector said it's amazing what you and a wrench can do together.
Ronald, I can't sleep.
I'll come, Grimace.
Is there a nicky monster in my closet?
No.
Put a weight.
There you go.
Thanks, Ronald.
Batman!
Batman.
Joker's turned up at the Gotham McDonald's.
On my way.
Just imagine Batman's surprise when he finds out Gotham City's evil doers and do-gooders are now in McDonald's Batman Happy Meal.
One of eight exciting action tours with each Happy Meal you buy.
E-bop and Rocksteady have a nasty surprise for the turtles.
They can auto-mute into full battle armor.
The turtles are doomed if only they could auto-mute too.
But they can!
Wrap auto-mute!
Dumb auto-mute!
Mic auto-mute!
Leo too!
Now the Night Ninja Turtles are ready for the big fight.
Wait a minute.
Where's E-bop and Rocksteady going?
Auto-mutation!
I'm going down in different ways.
First, there's the direct approach.
I didn't lose your tool.
A huge spider came along and ate them.
Then there's talking you, eh?
Out of trouble.
To my state of the union address, I know I promised you a health program and I had it all worked out.
But then a huge spider came along and ate everything that I had worked out.
We can take you live now to trouble in the making.
Mom, I'm having trouble with my history.
Could you help me out with my homework?
Sorry, Greg, but I've got a rug to clean, laundry to do, and a mountain of dishes to wash.
Oh, Cal-Gosh, take me away!
Time for a bath!
What about that sink full of dishes?
You're soaking in it!
And producing lemon-bred Cal-Gosh with cheating action, the bubble bath, and dishwashing liquid all in one!
Well, this is fabulous!
My skin is tingling, and would you look at the way it cuts through based on grease?
Even top left over lasagna!
Well, it comes right off the pan.
Ooh, and it makes a great loofah!
Cal-Gosh, from the makers of Stop and Glow, the combination of facial scrap and water wax!
Say, Dad, I'm having trouble with my homework. Could you help me out?
Aw, come on, Greg, can't you see I'm busy?
Can't you tell by my vacant stare and foaming mouth that it's nap time?
Why, I gotta be so much trouble.
Why can't you be more like your perfect older sister?
Perfect older sister, and when I'm not getting good grades,
I'm screening the homeless and finding a cure for cancer.
Well, let's tell you more about my accomplishments,
but I have to go show that to student Bosnia.
We interrupt this show to bring you this late, breaking news blouse.
It's morning.
Greg is now in school, facing a serious dilemma.
Dang! I'm out of gum! How come that guy's never runs out of gum?
Oh, well...
Run out of gum, cause I chew, try it!
The pre-chewed gum collected by janitors across the country!
Tried it comes in three delicious flavors,
neither death and chew!
So who wants tried it?
We do, we do!
Mmm, mmm, tastes like gym bleachers!
I'd love to slice them, but with these braces, I can't have sugar.
No problem! All the sugar's been chewed out,
and it's recommended by four out of five dentists
who prefer their patients to other people's gum.
Hey, I got to do boot flavor.
Perfect older sisters, just won the million-dollar lottery!
Let's see how our loser brother's doing in history.
All right, class, Greg will now read us his book reports.
Eli Whitney, born 1708, invented the cotton gin
spearheading the Industrial Revolution.
See also, standardization of carts, page 238, volume SQC.
I was hoping for a more tolerate plagiarism.
Gregory, you are going to be tensioned.
I'm the annoying kid from the encyclopedia commercial.
You'll be from an encyclopedia and get caught
when you can have an encyclopedia written just for plagiarism.
The encyclopedia cheat canica,
written just as badly as you write yourself.
Flavor, he was a bad institution.
In fact, it wasn't good at all.
Most people thought it was bad, too.
I got this word for word from the encyclopedia cheat canica.
You'll also receive as a source of made-up words so big,
your teacher won't admit he doesn't know them.
George Washington's flatulosity made him
our most reticulous president.
Uh, very good.
Thank you. You're a munificent posterior.
Thanks.
Hey, what's up, dude?
Excuse me?
Baking powder?
Recently, many people have become addicted
to something more powerful than drugs,
more debilitating than alcohol,
and more repulsive than cigarette smoking.
They are addicted to Wayne World.
That's why we started the Wayne's World Anonymous Use,
or a way.
I've seen the movie 37 times.
I'm a Wayne's World addict,
but I have a quarter from the movie for three months.
Oh, hey, man.
I'm not worthy! I'm not worthy!
My name is Sheila.
Party on, Sheila.
And if I were President, I'd be...
...Babraham Lincoln.
Hi. My name is Ray,
and I'm just a poor boy.
My name is Bill.
Party on, Bill!
And I can't stop singing...
The Wayne Newton addict's meeting is down the hall.
Oh.
Come through way today,
and we'll help you fight this tragic addiction.
Not...
Being in detention sucks all past.
Attention to tensioneers.
While you're in detention, there's to be no talking,
no eating, and most importantly,
absolutely no singing.
Hey!
Is this your first time in the Big D?
Yeah.
I'm Spike.
I'll show you the ropes.
I'm in here all the time.
Well, what are you in for?
My pathos and claps.
Yeah, I'm in trouble, big man.
But I'm sure he found out...
Yeah!
Crazy Charlie was on the loose,
but so was the maniac.
Lego maniac!
Crazy Charlie was crazy to think he'd escape.
A Lego maniac.
Hi, stupid!
The Lego System Town Rescue Collection
each debt sold separately.
Maniac not included.
Look out for Squiggleball,
brought to you by the creators of Heart,
Moon Shoes, and SquiggleWiggleWriter.
The fun never stops.
Squiggleball.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
You wanna go to feed the old man PB's van?
No thanks.
I gotta go tell my parents I'm suspended.
You're gonna tell them?
Some are, dude.
Well, it might not be so bad.
I mean, they're pretty cool sometimes.
Yeah!
In your dreams.
Why so close?
Why don't you take my high price
to tell you in sports car for a spin?
Yeah, but dad, I'm not old enough to drive.
I rule smalls if it fails or I do it.
Mom, dad, I gotta tell you guys something.
I was suspended from school today.
Oh, that's my boy.
Oh, honey, we are so proud of you.
You know, we knew that if you just
applied yourself that you couldn't fail.
Hey, listen, just relax.
Have some chocolate and some fried food
and forget about it.
Why don't you go out and get
different parts of your body here, son?
I always knew he'd let us down.
Stand by to come crashing back to reality.
I always knew you'd let us down.
You're grounded.
But that's so harsh.
Harsh?
You wouldn't know harsh if you stepped in it.
Listen, let me tell you something.
When I was your age, my parents used to make me
sign a piece of paper saying I'd never do it again.
I'm gonna upstairs to your room
before you figure out what I just said.
You are in trouble.
Trouble.
I might as well make the best of it
and play some video games.
From Lane Boy comes the ultimate challenge,
Katniss.
It's the game where you try to give a patient
a Katniss shot.
Oh, look at that rusty nail.
If I don't inoculate him this time,
he could get blocked shot.
A bonus buck shot.
Buy Katniss today.
Also look for Feet Fighter,
the game that fights athlete's foot.
This game blows booster shots.
I hate being in trouble.
Trouble.
That echo is making me sleepy.
Welcome.
You are now in trouble.
Five miles to deep trouble,
ten miles to serious trouble,
and fifteen miles to a career in politics.
Whoa, where am I?
Take a guess.
It starts with tour and ends with elbow.
Well, how do I get out of here?
Go through denials,
hang a lasted acceptance,
and then you'll hear realization
where you just watch bad TV
and wait for your life to change.
Welcome to another edition of America's Least Wanted.
Tonight, we review the file
of Leopold's bud horn swaddle the third.
His petty crimes include tearing the tags
off of seed cushions,
returning video tapes without rewinding them,
and going to the express lane
with more than eleven items.
If you or anyone you know
have seen him at your doorstep,
don't bother reporting him to us.
We got better things to do.
Hey dude, how's it hanging?
Spike, what are you doing here?
We're always in trouble.
Ask anybody.
Hey, want to get a tattoo or something?
I can't leave, I'm grounded.
What do you do?
If I leave my dad'll kill me.
He wouldn't really kill you.
And now TroubleVision presents
dad's idol threat number 119.
I'm going to squash your head like a grape.
Idol threat number 267.
I'm going to hit you so hard
by the time you stop rolling,
your clothes will be out of style.
Has your dad ever done any of these things?
Well, no. See, they're just idol threats.
Well, how do you know so much?
Hey, when you've been in trouble
as long as I have,
you see things differently.
I mean, how many times has your dad said,
this is going to hurt me more
and it's going to hurt you?
Now you can make that come true
with a new kickback.
The device that gives dad a kick in the butt
every time he raises his hand.
This is going to hurt me more.
Ow.
This is going to...
Hey, this hurts me.
Buy kickback today from TroubleCo.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, being in trouble
can help you get even with your mom, too.
This segment of TroubleVision
has been brought to you by
Mom's maid service.
The only maid service that uses real moms.
Hey, you pick up that mess.
I am not your maid.
Oh, I am your maid.
Whoa.
Seth, what are you doing here?
Well, I've never been in trouble before,
so I thought I'd come and visit you
and see what it was like.
Look, I got Joy but a Foucault autograph.
Coming up next on MTV,
the newest sensation from the Seattle Quincy.
Here are the painful sounds of punches.
Oh, I'm at his party back.
As messy as you want,
working in a comic book store,
having a goofy little dog
and a best friend who'll eat things
even a vacuum won't,
we fuck so.
That's why Nickelodeon's
bringing you Rocco,
the star of Nick's newest Nicksoon.
Rocco's modern life.
Watch every day life
turn into the struggle of a lifetime
when you're a wallaby named Rocco.
It's Monkey, Hepper,
and the rest of the gang
in Rocco's modern life.
Every Sunday at 11, 30, 10, 30 Central
on the only network for you,
Nickelodeons.
Tonka's real power tool shop.
Four power tools in one power machine.
Four easy to use tools
designed to drill,
sand,
carve,
and cut wood,
but not cut used.
With easy to follow plans
for lots of easy to make projects.
Real power tool shop.
Real cool.
You put it together in batteries
and safety glasses,
not included refills sold separately.
Coke.
Watch me trick Fred.
Coco Chorus Rex.
We need something super chocolatey.
Here.
Mmm, gigantic chocolatey taste.
Later.
Money.
Gotta split.
That was Coco Pebble Cereal
part of this complete breakfast.
Introducing the Bedrock Show.
You can get this Flintstone's T-shirt,
watch, and more free.
With proofs of purchase
but postage and handling details
or more boxes of post pebble cereal.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
This is another edition of Six Seconds.
I'm Molly Safer.
And I'm Ed Bradley.
And I'm Andy Rooney.
You ever noticed that...
I gotta get out of trouble.
As bad as it may sound
I might have to follow the rules.
He's back.
After five accidents
45 moving violations
on a Saturday in traffic school.
And now he's gone straight.
He's Speed Limit Racer.
Help!
Someone's on my path.
Go, Speed Limit Racer.
Go!
I'd love to help you
but this is a red zone.
So I'll have to park in the mall.
See you in a few hours.
He'll come to your rescue as fast as possible
within the limits of the law, of course.
If only Chip was a real person
then I could get into the carpool lane.
But I've got to abide by the law
and yield to oncoming traffic.
Place is driving me crazy.
I gotta get out of here.
Son!
You can't vision of your father.
I can't understand you behind that tin foil.
Oh.
You can't leave the house.
You have parked your butt in trouble
and cannot leave until you learn your lesson.
Oh, honey.
He doesn't want to see his days.
Can I still do the spooky voice?
Next to closet for all of my awards.
Come on, kid.
I'll take you someplace cool.
Meeting of the bad voice
Browse of America is officially called a disorder.
All slouch.
All right.
We've got a new member today
so I'd like you to make him feel unwelcome.
You really smell so bad.
All right.
I'd like to introduce you
to the bad voice Browse of America pledge.
Raise your right hand.
Sikes!
Only rule here is we don't follow any rules.
We'd like to congratulate Joey here
on receiving four Tamara badges.
Yeah, that's right.
One for cussing,
one for spitting,
one for kicking an animal,
and one just for sneering.
Can we learn more about shoving old ladies
into the street today?
Yeah, but first there's some girls
sprouts down the street.
Let's go eat their macaroons.
Uh, you guys go ahead.
I'm feeling kind of sleepy.
It's Grounded Day.
You kicked me out
and made it big frame.
Oh, don't you, baby.
Whoa.
What's the bad, funny, and shared parody
doing in my clock radio?
Everybody wake up.
It's Grounded Day.
It's beautiful outside,
but you're stuck in your room,
so get over it.
What would you like for breakfast, son?
Will you be staying in your room today?
Cancer Departure?
Zero percent.
Come on, kid.
Blow this joint.
We could be out the window
and be back before they know you're gone.
Cancer Departure?
Fifty percent.
It's Grounded Day.
You kicked me out of that way.
You guys are going to keep singing.
Cancer Departure?
100 percent.
Now you're talking.
Come on.
Check out the school store.
Let's snatch them.
We can't steal.
That's wrong.
Not here it isn't.
At the Five-Finger Discount Store,
you can shoplip to all you want,
thanks to my Buy One, Steal One policy.
How do you stay in business?
By jacking up the prices
three times their normal amount,
I can afford to give you
the thrill of petty theft
and still make a profit.
Hey, dude,
I just bought a $10 candy bar.
Let's sneak some kick-talks.
Hey, you kids.
This ain't no library.
Don't read it,
unless you plan to steal it.
The Five-Finger Discount Store
is also a favorite shoplifting location
for many former tile stars.
Whoa.
Look at this great shoe.
It's fresh.
It's got lights on the heels.
That's right.
It's a new bike gear from L.A. Smear.
Yes, it's this shoe that's got
a light, right and left turn signal,
brake lights, and emergency hazards.
Oh, yeah.
It also comes with a spare tire.
I saw Andy's grandfather
wearing his bike gears the other day,
and his left turn blinker
was on for miles.
Man, I really want these shoes,
but I can't afford them.
Get real.
Dude, just steal them.
You sure?
Yeah, everybody does it.
Stand by to get slapped in the face
by reality in five, four,
three, two, one.
Put them shoes on.
But fight so that I could take them.
Tell them, Spike.
I don't always talk about it, Officer.
I've never seen him before in my life.
I didn't mean to get into trouble.
I just wanted my parents to help me
with my homework.
We got them to release you
into our custody, son.
But we all have to sing
a community service song.
Sometimes it beats you.
Sometimes we are too weak.
You better hide them.
Sometimes don't play dumb.
They ask for it.
When the choice ends, I know.
You think it'll always be
like your perfect older sister?
Oh, no.
Where is she?
Ready for our date?
Not so fast, young lady.
Your father has something to say to you.
Yeah.
We're sorry we haven't always
been there for you, kid.
And that's why we decided
to make it up to you
by spending every waking minute
together.
And we're going to start
with some home movies
of you kids in the tub.
Oh!
Quick!
Reprise the theme song
and roll the credit.
Whenever my love...
I've avoided it.
That's why Nick News Special Edition
tries to explain it.
Stay tuned for
our Nick News Special Edition
after the verdict.
Next, right here on Nick.
One house is taped
before a live studio audience
at CBS Studio Center,
Hollywood, California.
Peace.
Basking in the glow
of the big orange couch.
Snick will continue
after these messages are
sent to him.
He's been there
for a long time.
We'll continue
after these messages.
Bowing toy,
where what you do
on one side
shows up on the other.
And with two-sided
magnadoodle,
two can doodle
at the same time.
You can play games
together,
even erase one side
from the other.
Two-sided magnadoodle,
new from Tycho.
The ice planet
was in a deep breeze
until a maniac
touched down.
Like a maniac!
I could turn
such a cold planet
into such a cool one.
You're too thin!
Lego systems,
ice planet and space police,
each set sold separately.
The maniac
not included.
Now you can
be as clever as Kevin
with Tiger's
new Talkboy tape recorder.
Hey!
Stop
grueling on me!
Rueling on me!
It even has speed control.
Hi, kids.
We're home early.
Tiger's new
Talkboy tape recorder
comes as audio cassette.
Battery is not included.
Now the excitement of real arcade basketball is yours in the electronic hot-shot basketball
Challenge yourself or an opponent in one of two dynamite games like who can bury the most toots in 60 seconds
55 points be that hot shot hot shot is the only game with a motorized moving back for
Jumper off the rim. There's electronic game sounds and digital scoreboard times running out
Three-pointer at the buzzer Milton Bradley's electronic hot-shot basketball when you're hot
Instant Quaker oatmeal, what's not all these cold cereals
Energy steaming strong power pack
You are living hot playing hot with this complete breakfast
Flavors like hot apples and cinnamon and hot maple and brown sugar
Instant Quaker oatmeal
What a beautiful day
We're gonna spend the whole weekend really roughing it just like the animals
Yes, sir. It's back to nature for us, right Ren
Will you shut up? I don't want to rough anything. So shut up
Shut up. All right
Well, I'm hungry. Don't tell me you didn't bring any food
Here we go Ren
dehydrated food pills
What just like the primitive manate?
See, there's pills for meat cheese vegetables grain tacos
apple sauce
Now that is truly disgusting
peels for food
I'll have the red meat pill
Ren the red meat dinner pill is only for the ruggedest of people
Since you want to make it easy. Why don't you try a nice cream spinach pill?
I'll show you who's rugged. Give me that meat pill. Okay, Ren. Okay, but first you have to add what shut up
I know what I'm doing
Mmm cowboys delight dinner. I'm a cowboy
No, sir, I don't like it a shred. Isn't this beautiful, huh?
Hey, you know what would be fun?
Let's go skinny dipping
What are you crazy? Oh, come on
You like it. No
It's all right, Ren. It's nature. Come on in Ren. The water's fine. I
Don't know what if someone these me
We're in the middle of nowhere. Who's gonna see you?
Hmm
Well
That water does look pretty inviting
Okay, yeah, I come
No fair
No, oh come on, Ren. Come on
Well
Okay, well hello there. This feels great. Yeah, come on. Let's prolly
Kenny dipping I just love skinny dipping
Hey fellas, how you fellas doing?
Beautiful day, isn't it?
Boy, it sure is nice to find other guys who are comfortable with their nakedity like me
Say, you know who'd like this
ma
Hey ma, I'm off to pick berries, Ren
Yeah, yeah, will you light the fire while I'm gone? What do I have to do everything around here?
You know, I'm lost without you. How am I supposed to light this thing rub two twigs together
Wigs
What are twigs? No way to light a fire
This is yes, sir. These will get her going
One roaring campfire coming up. Hang on there young feller. I'll save you. I just love
skinny stomping
After stomping your campfire always douse the embers and stir the ashes with a stick
Aren't the stars beautiful, Ren?
Yeah, they are
This rough-and-it stuff is great steampie. Why don't we sleep under the stars tonight?
Okay, pal. I'll never do that again. Oh, I'm stuffed. I
Don't know about you guys, but I'm gonna lay me some eggs. I hear you, man
Man, did I sleep good? How'd you sleep, Ren? I slept all right
This outdoor stuff sure makes you thirsty
cool
fresh
virgin spring water
Sweet Lord, no
You can't drink that water, Ren
Beavers do their business in that water
If you drink it, you could get beaver fever
Beaver fever what you mind telling me what I am supposed to drink then
Don't worry, Ren. I always bring a supply of clean pure unpolluted water
Thanks steampie you saved my eye don't feel so good
Look what you've done to me now
You're fat, blotted, stupid, idiot. I just love skinny slappin
Ren, Steampie and Snick will be back after these messages
Cookie crisp cereal, my favorite breakfast. Get ready Chip. Okay, boss. You're in. Now
Oh
Now for some cookie crisp an exciting part of this complete breakfast
Drink up baby needs me the mommy knows how to care for you
Baby means baby means becomes a bottle brush diapers and magical mommy watch for you
If kids like me around in the world
I'd finally have my own room and no one but my friends will be allowed to come in
I'll have a super nice chemistry set that I'll use to fix the ozone layer and when I'm having a big Mac attack
I'll just go upstairs because I'm having make it easy on the back
Jonathan Edward Moore pipe down. Oh, you'll be sent to your room
Excellent
Can happen what's happening right now?
McDonald's has a snack that's a large fries a medium high speed plus a free Nickelodeon mini-magazine and they call it
Monster Snack
And now back to the glow of the Ren and Steampie show
Go watch some tube
by filthy dirty
Stinky oh and Stimpy gets home. Oh
What I'm going to do to me interrupt your regularly scheduled program for this newsflash
Oh boy mayhem top scientists have discovered that beeline hairballs are an excellent source of non-polluting fuel
They're the perfect material for manufacturing the space shuttle's heat shields
They're a better source of material for clothing than either cotton or wool
They have more fiber than Oprah
They even cure pink up the price of hairballs has been rising steadily and by the end of the week
They are expected to be more valuable. They're wet. They're vile
They're stinky
Ren
Steampie, are you all right?
Please steampie do wharf a mighty pile of golden fleece upon my grateful crown
As I can have those pectoral implants
Good texture. Hey, man, shut up and lick your other arm on that line and start wharfing
But ran I
Need fuel to make hairballs and I'm fresh out. I guess you can lick off my hair. Come on. Come on
Get it over with
That makes my flesh growl
You've rendered me hairless now get the wharfing I
I
Guess you weren't hairy enough ran
Uncle ran got licked for nothing. Baba. Yes, uncle ran extend to steampie your powerfully hairy arm
Are you going you're played still
Oh
That feels
Hey, buddy, you think you're ready to wharf some hairballs
And get to it man time is money or Baba
Come Lynn steampie a hand
Squeeze that monkey Baba
That's it steampie
Why there's nothing in here, but a bunch of useless bones and organs
This is serious
Well, we'll have to do an exploratory
Exploratory
What's that John Baba? Well, what do you see?
Nothing
It's dark use your flashlight stupid
That's better
It's his hairball gland, I think
Cat without hairballs. He's only half a cat steampie. I
Got to make
hairballs
There they're big fellow. Just lay back and relax, but rent
What about your pectoral implants?
Yeah
We can't lose isn't hairball gland it
It's over
Yeah, it's over
My nephew scruff reading that comic book improving my mind give me your magic zapper and I'll improve your mind
Hey, that's me look inside. It's about the adventures you have coming home from school
Oh, it gives tips on what to do about bullies finding drugs or trouble on the bus
And it shows what happens to scruff. What happens? What happens?
You'll see for your free copy right McGruff Chicago, Illinois six oh six five two and help me take a fight on a crime
What happens? What happens?
Hurry up. The guys are waiting. Hold on. You've got to try some of this
You call us apple cinnamon ice-cream cereal
Watch out you can get caught up in the great new part of this complete breakfast. We're getting five more minutes and then what
Another five minutes instant color change cars
Change it with warm water change it back with icy cold with color affection and paint them any way you want
That's even reveal cool designs now drive up to the paintwork set create new looks paint them again and again
Only from hot wheels sold in two packs not for use with some sets tracking on included the paintwork set coming soon
If I had my way, I changed my hair
We're gonna give the kids me all the way. I like it with no pickles sure
Yeah
Burger King introduces the kids club pranksters
Five fun gags to play on your friends
You can collect them all one with every kids meal only at Burger King where the fun will always get you
The Burger King kids club. I love this place
An axe murder with blood dripping from her grizzly weapon
Or mummy wrapped in rotten bed
What about a razor sharp hook where her hand should be
No, no
A zombie with sunken eyes and all stiff like
Sounds like Kristen's up tonight. We're uh trying to guess what axe. She's gonna pull the scarves
I liked it when she dressed up as the prom queen
Whatever it is. I hope she gets here soon
Duh
Hey, where'd you get that stuff up in the attic? I uh
Think my parents were old hippies or something
Here groovy man and here. Whoa, that could do me
What's this got to do with your store?
There's an old saying that goes
You don't learn from the past
You'll be doomed to repeat it
My story's a little different
In my tale, if you don't learn from the present
You'll repeat the past
And meet your doom
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call this story
The tale of locker 22
We haven't put anyone out here for years, but we're busting at the seams
I don't know where all these kids come from
Locker 22
Home sweet home
It's kind of far from things
Are you complaining?
No
Look, I've been here far too long to take grief from a transfer who has only been here five minutes
I'm sorry
This will be fine
Good
Welcome to derby
Miss Dufault
Carefully
Suck the liquid into the pipette
Like so
And hold your finger on the end so that it doesn't run out
Simple
Pick it up tomorrow
Next time
We do it with acid
Tasty
Keep moving, bozos
Hey, you okay?
Yes
Hi, I'm Chris
You new here?
Yeah
It's not big
What's your name?
Ginny
I end up at work with things like this at my old school
Oh, where are you from?
Paris
My parents came here for business
Oh
Well, don't sweat it
You'll pick it up
You lost yet?
Everybody does it first
This place is huge
Hey, what's your next class?
Um, all right
You know how to get there?
Come on, I'll show you
Thanks
You scared me
I thought everybody left
Let's go
I'm coming
Donna
What do you uh
What do you think of the new girl?
I don't know, kind of weird, Fritz
See what happened? Chemistry?
No, no, what?
Well, she had this straw thing
And she sucked up the water
Yeah
Then what?
Well, then she sort of did this
Did I say something about giving me grief, Mr. Foam?
But so I didn't
If you're a troublemaker
You crossed paths with the wrong man
What are you looking at?
What do you want?
Look, I'm getting tired
Hey, Julie, what's your hurry?
I have to go
Listen, I heard about what happened with those guys at lunch to get them
Come on, just start it
Burn out now, you're not gonna make it
Hey, you okay?
I uh, I saw something
What?
Um, I saw
You saw it?
I'll forget
Come on, Julie, what'd you see?
You promise not to laugh?
Cross my heart
Look, I know this sounds crazy
But I think I saw a ghost
A ghost?
Forget I said anything
Oh, Julie
Hello?
What's the matter?
I trusted you and you had to tell everybody what I told you
Julia, I didn't do anything
You're worse than those jerks in the cafeteria
Because you pretend to be nice
Wait a minute, wait
I shouldn't have seen you coming
Wait, Julie, I only told one person
I didn't know they were gonna make it news
Well, they did
Now everybody thinks I'm the crazy new foreign kid
Listen, I did it for a reason, okay?
I'm sure, I hope you all got a good laugh
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you
Although I didn't think anything could scare you
As we could share the response to you
Stop it
What did you call me?
I'm sorry, moon dance
This necklace is like boss
Whoa, be cool
I'm waiting, Ms. Warren
Let's find all the tasty ingredients for Dan and Sprinklin's
Creamy yogurt with rainbow sprinkles
There's the cherry picker and strawberry banana
With such appeal
But what makes Sprinklin's brain supreme?
Sprinkles!
You can make the wildest taste you ever put in your face
Dan and Sprinklin's the only yogurt snack of the Sprinkles Pack
Where's your creation station, Mystery Maze with special decoder?
There's one free inside specially marked packages of Sprinklin's
You can collect all six to play one giant maze
I believe it's sold separately
Powerful enough
The mighty morphine power rangers
Summon Dragonzord
And Titanus
The motorized carrierzord
They morph with Megazord to form the ultimate battle machine
Ultrazord
Say, who's watching where we're going?
Huh? Not me, I'm not
Uh-oh
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Too hot to handle
It's Megazord
When evil space aliens threaten Earth
The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
In their dinosaurs morph to become
The Megazord
The Megazord is part of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Ultimate Battle System
Hey, I found you were driving
Me? I found you were
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Too hot to handle
It's the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Teenage Defenders of Earth
The Power Rangers are driven by the power of the ancient dinosaurs
Lately, evil space aliens have become a real safety hazard
But it's only hope
The Power Rangers
Oh yeah? No one can stop us
Just let them try
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Too hot to handle
Bart, I'm gonna open my mouth and close my eyes
And you're gonna give me a big surprise
Crispity, crunchity, peanut buttery, butterfinger
Nobody better lay a finger on my butterfinger
Now the sneaking begins again
With are you afraid of the dark?
What's up, man?
We have to talk
Look, I'm sorry about what happened
That's all I can say
You said you told someone about what I saw for one reason
What was it?
What?
Look, there's been stuff going around about a ghost haunting this place for years
I know somebody who knows somebody who said they saw it
That's all
I didn't mean to embarrass you
Wait, I wanna show you something
Look, I gotta go
Please? You owe me
Look, whoever had my locker before put a flower sticker there
See that?
Oh yeah
This necklace, I found it in my locker
It must have belonged to the same person
Yes, sir
Look around, the paint is old
Like nothing has been done for years, right?
Look, I'm sorry about those guys giving you a hard time
But you're getting a little spooky on me, all right?
Spooky?
You haven't seen anything yet
What happened?
How'd you do that?
I don't know
It happened to me before when I put on this necklace
It's like I jumped back in time
Candy
Who's this?
Uh, you don't know him?
No?
Are you new?
I don't know
You don't know?
If he figures it out, invite him over tonight
I got the Beatles white album
Bye
White album?
Look at this
See?
This is my locker
This is the flower
Candy?
That girl called you candy
Miss Warren
Shaffner?
Mr. Shaffner
Who are you?
Um, I'm new
Learn some manners
No, Miss Warren
Not tomorrow, not next week
Now
But
No, buts
I'll stay late today to help
But if your chemistry project isn't done by four o'clock
You'll be staring at a big fat F
And summer school
You did?
Groovy
I'll meet you in the lab
Something strange happened, Chris
Yeah, tell me about it
That was Shaffner
But he was, he was young
I know
It's like if we're back in the 60s
How could that happen?
You said it was your necklace
Take it off
Oh man
Oh man, this is wild
It is the necklace
It has some kind of power
Candy
That girl called you candy
Who is candy?
I don't know, but we can find out
Come on
Hey, hey, come here
You see, I'm checking 1968
You know when the white album came out?
Bingo
What?
Candy Warren, locker 22
Yeah, that was a locker, all right
Who is she?
I don't get it, why isn't she here?
Check the next year again
I checked three times, she isn't here
There
That's her
That's the ghost
This is real, isn't it?
I guess, we can't both be crazy
Why is candy showing yourself to me?
And why do they think I'm candy?
I don't know
Listen
Whatever's going on here, we can't handle it, all right?
What do we do?
I don't know
I feel like she's trying to tell me something, Chris
This is happening for a reason
Maybe, ah, come on, let's get out of here
I have to get my books
Let's talk tonight
Okay, later
Mr. Ratto
Chris, you're here late
Mr. Ratto, you've been teaching here like, forever, right?
Yeah, I suppose 30 years is forever to you
Did you know Candy Warren?
Candy Warren
Haven't thought of her in years
Sure, I knew her
Sweet girl
Such a tragedy
Well, how did she die? Was she, like, sick or something?
Oh, heaven is no, it was a horrible accident
What, a car crash?
No, it happened right here
At Derby?
Ms. Warren, now!
And she was staying late after school on some chemistry project or something
Apparently she got a little careless
And there was explosion and fire and it's hard to even think about it now
Why do you ask?
Who was the teacher?
Oh, well, many years ago, right?
Thanks, Mr. Ratto
Oh, oh, it was Mr. Schachtner
Before he became assistant principal, he worked in the chemistry department
Nice of you to join me
Sit, worksheets, thermometer, beakers
And a pipette for measuring
Smell, playing what we're doing
We're identifying compounds by determining their melting points
Or would you like to skip right to summer school now?
No, no, I want to try
How do I do this?
That's what this test is about now, isn't it?
I'll give you a little hint
Turn on the gas and light the burner
After that, you're on your own
I'll be back in 20 minutes
Candy, is Julie in the past?
Listen, Candy, she's gonna die, you gotta stop her
She certainly is, she's gonna flunk
Blumber
Come on, man, let me go
I'm your future pal
What were you doing?
If you think you got, just stop
Look at this, it's rotted through
If you'd have put fire in this, the whole place would have gone up
Hey, don't you check your equipment, Mr. Schachtner?
You could have been killed, other than what to say
Say it in the wrong line of work
Thank God you saw this, if you hadn't
I would have been toast
So that's how Candy died?
Yeah, I saw her, she brought me back
Can I ask what you're doing here so late?
I, um, I was helping her with the locker
Stuck, at least it was stuck
Oh, I know, it used to stick for me all the time too
For you?
That was your locker?
Oh, back in the dark ages
You must be Julie Defoe
Nice to meet you
Who are you?
I'm the assistant principal, Ms. Warren
Candy Warren
Gentlemen
My office, please
The end
Far out
Solid
Psychedelic
Um, Nido?
You went back
Good story
I've snicked, we snicked
They will have snicked
It is post-snick
You can snick again next Saturday night on Nickelodeon